---
title: Process
date: 2017-04-27 09:32:44
tags:
---

## The Process
### How to deal with the stuggle of getting to the end.

In life we like to imagine the end results and dream of being there. This is essential becuase it allows us to have a goal, something that we can look forward too. The thing that happens to alot of us though is that the dream always stays a dream, the goal is up there on top of th mountain looking down at us. We look up and stare and think "Wow I cannot wait to get to my goal, to finally have it"  We all have things that we are want, but many find it hard to acheive. Well I am here to let you know  that the process is the most important part. Let us dive in.


One day I was thinking to myself. When I get really good at something, how will I explain how I got really good at it? There will be techniques and tings I did, I would have worked hard and learned from my journey. I started to realize that this is true for almost everythin in life, not matter what the skills/practice it is. Leanring to read, that was hard and took a long time, but now I read with ease and picking up new words iisnt about sounding out the letters, but by leanring the meaning of the word and how to use it. Usin chopsticks, something that as a kid was so amazed at seeing peopel do, took alot of practice with pencils picking up things and being extremely frustrated all the time, but now I those memories are very light on my mind and can barely rememebr when I could not pick up virtually anything with chopsticks. The point I am trying to make is that the goal gives you a skill, but the journey gives you even more skills. And it is always a struggle. Maybe not a hard stuggle , but it was alot easier than you imagined (which alot of the time it is), but it is important to understand that it will not always be pleasent. 

I read a book that talks about resistence (insert books title here) This book explains that it never gets easier, the pain, the nervosness you get before doing somethings will never go away. In some avenues it might, but if it does that might be a sign you are not taking it seriously anymore, or you are disconnected with your goal. Once you realize that pain and suffering is something that you will go through while growing, when the bad times come around, you can ask your self if there is anything you can do about it , and if not accept that this is how it is and push on. Now this might sound extremely depressing. Embrace the pain! Embrace the suffering and enjoy it! Wait a minute you say, I want to feel good , I dont want that stuff. Think back to a time when you wanted something  and you had to earn it. To get the pleasure you had to go through some sort of discomfort most of the time. Maybe it wasnt that uncomfortable, but slightly, the degree will vary. This whole concept doesnt mean you should willfully bring these things into your life and think you are doing it right because you are suffering. This means that you are growing, stretching your limits. Learning new things is hard, frustrating and can take time. If you realize this you know that if you stick with it, you can do it. 

## Anime Confidence/Work Ethic

I have watched alot of anime in my time. From when I was a kid to even now, I watch alot of anime. The one thing you hear alot on forunms and real life is that life is not like an anime. You cannot do what they do in an anime and expect to have the same results. In some resepct that is true, but there is an aspect of anime that can be real and does exist. Let me explain.

In anime the main character uaslly is one of a an upbeat atitiude and never back down even when completely destroyed type of person (except shinji from evengelion....until maybe the end ...sort of) The main character is the hardest working and most stubborn of the bunch. Sometimes they have to make up their disadvantage with brains or brawn. Now take the typical anime scenes. Main character is not strong, some event happesn makes them want to become strong, main character is shown in many scenes doing things to make them self stronger that no one else it doing, and the ending is that the main character becomes super strong. The only thing that is different in rea life is that these are scenes. This doesnt mean the main charactered worked out for 5 seconds on screen and got their results, this means that the main charactered worked 6 months or how ever long the time inbetween the first scene and the last was. In anime you only see snap shots of the practice, but in the story and practice was always there. Just in real life when you look at people over time, you are not staring into their daily life, you are seeing them month by month and you go wow they look so much different or they are so much better then they were. 

Anime can teach us that we need to work hard and smart with enthusiams to get out results. Which if I had to bet, that part of anime is modelled after real life to a degree. To get where you want to be, you have to willing to put you all in with a good atitude(may not start out like this) and build your self up. If you want an example of this, just watch dragon ballz when Goku is going to namic to fight freeza. This guy is flying through space in a gravity chamber training every single waking moment under intense stress with un wavering confidence that when he gets there that he will be ready to win.

 If you model Goku in things in your life, honestly I dont think there is anythign you cannot do. People will disagree with me, and say well of course the main character will become the best, they are the main character! Well arnt you the main character of your life??? Are you going to be one of those background chacters to your own life? Krillen? (wish he would get his own anime though) This doesnt mean you become a cocky jerk and tell everyone off because they arent important (because they are important) This means that you start treating yourself with intention to become the best you can be at what you want. That you take care of yourself, so you can give it your all. As I remind my self. If I die, it is all over. My active story ends. There is nothing I can do while I'm am dead. This is why you, you self is the most important. You want to take care of your wife and kids? You arent going to do it sitting in a pine box in the ground. 
 